📄 Terms of Service for All in One Bot
Effective Date: July 3, 2025
Last Updated: July 3, 2025

By inviting or using All in One Bot on your Discord server, you agree to the following Terms of Service. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the bot.

1. Description of Service
All in One Bot is a Discord bot that provides features including (but not limited to):

Ticketing systems

Suggestion collection and voting

Moderation tools (ban, kick, mute, warn)

Utility features (logging, info, auto-responses, etc.)

2. Use of the Bot
You must follow these rules when using the bot:

You must be at least 13 years old or the minimum age required by Discord’s Terms of Service.

You agree to use the bot only in accordance with Discord’s Terms of Service and Community Guidelines.

You may not use the bot to harass, abuse, or harm others.

You are responsible for managing permissions and commands in your server.

3. Bot Availability
We strive to keep the bot online and functional, but we do not guarantee:

24/7 uptime

That features will always work as expected

That data will be permanently stored (logs, tickets, etc.)

We may modify or remove features at any time without notice.

4. Data Usage
See our Privacy Policy for information about data collection and usage.

By using the bot, you agree to the collection of necessary information (like user IDs and message content related to bot features) for functionality and moderation.

5. Termination
We reserve the right to:

Ban or restrict access to the bot from any user or server without notice

Disable features in certain environments if misuse or abuse is detected

You may remove the bot at any time by kicking it from your server.

6. Limitation of Liability
The developers of All in One Bot are not responsible for:

Any damages resulting from use or misuse of the bot

Loss of data, downtime, or issues caused by the bot

Actions taken by Discord or other third parties

7. Changes to These Terms
These Terms may be updated at any time. Changes will be posted publicly and may also be announced in the support server or via the bot.

8. Contact
If you have questions or concerns about these Terms, contact the developer:

Discord: @synthexsec

Email: redaaur630@gmail.com
